
Dynamic program analysis frameworks have become increasingly pervasive and 
critical because they enable a wide range of powerful analysis tools (\eg, 
reliability, profling, and logging) at runtime to improve the quality of 
software applications. An open problem for existing frameworks is 
performance: to inspect an application's execution, existing frameworks 
fully or partiall couple the execution and analysis, which frequently 
synchronizes execution states (\eg, accessed memory and thread interleavings) 
between the actual execution and the analysis and causes prohibitive slowdown 
in the execution. To reduce the portions of execution states that require 
synchronization, many frameworks significantly orchest analysis tools as well 
as the frameworks themselves, which heavily trades off transparency between the 
analysis and the framework and causes only one type of analyses to be run at 
the same time.


This paper presents \xxx, an efficient and transparent framework that fully 
decouples execution and analysis by leveraging two techniques: state machine 
replication (SMR) and deterministic multithreading (DMT). SMR ensures that 
replicas running the same application always see the same sequence of inputs, 
then multiple analyses can run within some replicas transparently. DMT 
efficiently enforces the same thread interleavings across replicas and 
eliminates the need of synchronizing schedules between execution and analysis. 
Evaluation shows that \xxx is easy to plug in analysis tools and has reasonable 
overhead.